[cloudflare] Add nextauth infos (#88)
opennextjs/docs: pages/cloudflare/howtos/NextAuth.mdx

### Solving a broken build

> <Callout>

Reviewer: I think you fogot to import the `Callout` component:
![Screenshot 2025-03-06 at 10 41 31](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bcba7de3-0128-4662-a53c-84de8c7d606c)

You can do it like so at the top of this file:
```ts
import { Callout } from "nextra/components";
```

You can find an example of this on his [example repository](https://github.com/arnavgupta00/deployment-cf-workers-prisma-nextauth).

Related issues: [`workers-sdk#206`](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues/206) and [`workerd#3277`](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd/issues/3277).

### Solving issues in local dev

> When trying to access bindings (for instance to use [D1](/d1/) as database) depending on your implementation, you might run into:

Reviewer: the d1 link is not pointing to anywhere, I would suggest just removing the sentence entirely?

```suggestion
When trying to access Cloudflare bindings depending on your implementation, you might run into:
```

`ERROR: getCloudflareContext has been called without having called initOpenNextCloudflareForDev from the Next.js config file.`

> You can resolve this issue, by following the the following pattern in your `auth.ts` configuration:

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit off, besides the "the the", I think that the "by following the following pattern" sentence really doesn't flow nicely, I'd change the wording to something like this:

```suggestion
You can resolve this issue, by calling `getCloudflareContext` in your `NextAuth` callback, for example like so:
```

```

> export const { handlers, auth, signIn, signOut } = NextAuth( async _ => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const { handlers, auth, signIn, signOut } = NextAuth(async _ => {
```

You can find an example of this on his [example repository](https://github.com/arnavgupta00/deployment-cf-workers-prisma-nextauth).

Related issues: [`workers-sdk#206`](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues/206) and [`workerd#3277`](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd/issues/3277).

### Solving issues in local dev

When trying to access Cloudflare bindings depending on your implementation, you might run into:

`ERROR: getCloudflareContext has been called without having called initOpenNextCloudflareForDev from the Next.js config file.`

You can resolve this issue, by calling `getCloudflareContext` in your `NextAuth` callback, for example like so:

> ```

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this in my last review 🙈 
```suggestion
```js
```
(this is needed for the syntax highlighting)
